what is going on guys I am Jehovah and
this is a video to show you guys this
package I just got in the mail from Pro
mods this is a custom controller and you
guys are like wait a minute that doesn't
look quite right that's not an xbox one
or ps4 yeah this is a super nintendo
custom controller and i could not be
happier with it i actually didn't even
know I was getting this he surprised me
with this along along with my wife they
were they were talking behind my back
and they and they made this happen and I
bah so so happy but yeah this is a their
lava paint job which I'm a huge fan of I
found one of their xbox controllers on
their Instagram and I told him that it
was like so sick and one of my favorite
paint jobs I've ever seen and he did it
on a Super Nintendo controller for me as
you guys know I've been doing the
throwback Thursday live streams and
playing Super Nintendo games over there
and not only the controller but look at
that right there I had no idea I was
getting this and I opened this and I was
just ecstatic actually let me show real
quick don't mind the noises so I got
this package in the mail and it's upside
down hold on hold up here we go okay so
I got this package in the mail and as
you can see it says Jehovah in graffiti
and it looks super super sick and as you
can see I think this is like I'm gonna
have to confirm but I think that's like
a Jehovah stamp I don't even know how
that happened but there's like little
stamps of me screaming I think is what
that is so I don't even have a Jehovah
stamp I need a stamp of myself because
that's cool but yeah so I i got this box
in the mail and I was like holy
this is obviously going to be something
sick and I opened it up and it was this
super nintendo I just I couldn't be more
happy with it it looks amazing that lava
paint job is just super awesome with
that high gloss finish and it looks
really really good i like the the font
that I use there on the power and reset
is like old and retro
and and then obviously the controller
with the hova and full so a lot of I
love a controller company that actually
paints the entire controller a lot of
custom controllers you'll turn it around
and on the backside they just didn't do
the back shell or whatever you want to
call it but as you can see this paint
job goes all the way around there's like
neon yellow and they're neon orange is
what it looks like to me I don't know
I'm not the paint guy I don't know
exactly what he used if you guys want to
check out his review and video of this
console you'll be able to watch that
i'll put the link to that video in the
description so like i said he'll be able
to talk about this stuff and actually
know what he's talking about all i know
is that it looks awesome oh yeah
and see even the back of the Super
Nintendo so you would think that maybe
they were like no and stop there but
even the bottom of it is painted and it
has the big PMZ Pro mods logo on the
back and it just looks super awesome I
couldn't be more happy with it it was an
awesome surprise and you guys should
definitely check out Pro mods the best
controller sponsor I've ever had they're
really really good they do super high
quality you can follow them on
Twitter on Instagram their YouTube all
that information will be in the
description check out their website look
at all their controllers and you'll
probably fall in love with one and want
to pick one up you can use my code to
save yourself ten percent code Jehovah
at checkout and you will be happy I
promise you so anyways guys i just
wanted to show you this i was really
really really excited whenever i got
this and yeah just wanted to show you
guys this is a custom super nintendo and
it is so sick also stay tuned there will
probably be details if you watch my
livestreams there's going to be an
opportunity for you guys to win a custom
super nintendo in the near future so
make sure you're following me on my
livestream channel that information will
also be in the description and just stay
tuned for more information on that but
there's going to be a really sick
opportunity for you guys to win not
necessarily the same console but a super
nintendo painted painted
real nasty party not many people have
custom consoles of any sort and
especially a super nintendo super
nintendo is one of the best consoles
ever made it has a huge library of
really awesome games so i figured that
would be something really cool to do so
yeah stay tuned for more information on
that make sure you're following me over
on my livestream channel and definitely
check out pro mods on everything that
they do like I said Instagram Twitter
YouTube all that good stuff check out
their website and if you want to buy
something use my code to save ten
percent I love you guys and I will talk
to you later look look how sick it is ah
I love it I love it so much alright guys
talk you later